docs: Added cookbook examples for Git dir ops (#5599)
dagger/dagger: docs/current/cookbook.md

```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Add Git repository as directory to container with filters

The following code listing adds a remote Git repository branch as a directory at the `/src` container path, excluding `*.md` files.

<Tabs groupId="language">
<TabItem value="Go">

```go file=./cookbook/snippets/filesystem-operations/add-git-dir-exclude/main.go
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Node.js">

```javascript file=./cookbook/snippets/filesystem-operations/add-git-dir-exclude/index.mjs
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Python">

```python file=./cookbook/snippets/filesystem-operations/add-git-dir-exclude/main.py
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

The following code listing adds a remote Git repository branch as a directory at the `/src` container path, including only `*.md` files.

<Tabs groupId="language">
<TabItem value="Go">

```go file=./cookbook/snippets/filesystem-operations/add-git-dir-include/main.go
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Node.js">

```javascript file=./cookbook/snippets/filesystem-operations/add-git-dir-include/index.mjs
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Python">

```python file=./cookbook/snippets/filesystem-operations/add-git-dir-include/main.py
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> The following code listing adds a remote Git repository branch as a directory at the `/src` container path, including all files except files beginning with `.git`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code listing adds a remote Git repository branch as a directory at the `/src` container path, including all `*.md` files except `README.md`.
```
